feat(CSAF2.1): #356 add mandatory test 6.1.55 (#359)
secvisogram/csaf-validator-lib: DEVELOPMENT.md

  'the ssvc id does neither match the "cve" nor it '+
  'matches the "text" of any item in the "ids" array',
```

## Generated Files

Certain tests need to process data from different sources. This data is usually downloaded from a URL. To avoid accessing external sources during testing and to improve performance, this data is pre-processed and the result is saved.

### License Information

> The script 'scripts/read-spdx-and-aboutcode-licenses.js' reads the SPDX and ScanCode License DB and write them into 
> the file 'lib/license/license_information.js'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script `scripts/read-spdx-and-aboutcode-licenses.js` reads the SPDX and ScanCode License DB and writes them to 
the file 'lib/license/license_information.js'. See the comments in the script for further usage information.
```

### CWE 

> The script 'scripts/cwe-importCatalogue.js' reads the CWE and writes them to the file 'lib/cwec.js' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script `scripts/cwe-importCatalogue.js` reads CWE catalogues and writes them to the file `lib/cwec.js`. See the comments in the script for further usage information.
```
